Cairo reorganized (#607)
lambdaclass/lambdaworks: provers/cairo/README.md

<div align="center">

# Lambdaworks Cairo Platinum Prover CLI

</div>

## ⚠️ Disclaimer

This prover is still in development and may contain bugs. It is not intended to be used in production yet.

> Please check issues under security label, and wait for them to be resolved if they are relevant your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check issues under security label, and wait for them to be resolved if they are relevant to your project.
```

Output builtin is finished, and range check is supported but it's not sound yet.

CLI currently runs with 100 bits of conjecturable security

## [Cairo Platinum Prover Docs](<[lambdaclass.github.io/lambdaworks/](https://github.com/lambdaclass/lambdaworks/blob/main/provers/cairo/README.md)>)

### Usage:

> To prove programs Cairo has to be compiled. For compilation you need to have `cairo-lang` or `docker` installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prove Cairo programs, they first need to be compiled. For compilation you need to have `cairo-lang` or `docker` installed.
```
